THIRTY-SIX NEW PRESESSIONS
The following material was developed for the 1st Saint Hill ACC. All cases of
this ACC were well started toward Clear, 25 of them started for the first time. These
new Presessions were employed. Two of the cases started with two-way comm on
Failed Help only after which some of the Presessions following worked.
NOTE: These Presessions are subject to revision after my further study.
Their numbers will not be changed. I will probably change some of the processes
and commands. They are given here exactly as developed and in the order of
development, not workability.
NOTE: The assistance of Dick and Jan Halpern, ACC Instructors, is grate-
fully acknowledged for the discussion and testing of these Presessions.
NOTE: Presession I is to be found in HCO Bulletin of 25 Aug. 60 and is not
actually part of this series, not being a Havingness-Confront Presession.
PRESESSION 11:
Havingness: "Look around here and find something you could have."
Confront:
"What could you confront? "
"What would you rather not confront?"
PR ESESSION 111:
Havingness: "Point out something in this room you could confront."
"Point out something in this room you would rather not confront."
Confront:
"What unconfrontable thing could you present? "
PRESESSION IV:
Havingness: "What part of a beingness around here could you have?"
Confront:
"What beingness could others not confront? "
PRESESSION V:
Havingness: "Point out something in this room you could confront."
"Point out something in this room you would rather not confront."
Confront:
"Point out a place where you are not being confronted."
The Rising PhoenixPRESESSZON VZ:
Havingness: "Look around here and point out an effect you could prevent."
Confront:
"What would deter another? "
"Where would you put it?"
PR ESESSZON VZZ:
Havingness: "Point out something. "
Confront:
"Tell me something I am not doing to you."
PR ESESSZON VZZZ:
Havingness: "Where is the (room object)?"
Confront:
"Recall something really real to you."
"Recall a time you liked something."
"Recall a time you communicated with something."
PRESESSZON ZX:
Havingness: "Look around here and find an object you are not in."
Confront:
"Recall somebody who was real to you."
"Recall somebody you really liked."
"Recall somebody you could really communicate with."
PRESESSION X:
Havingness: "Look around here and find something you could have."
Confront:
"What beingness could you confront? "
"What beingness would you rather not confront?"
PRESESSION XI:
Havingness: "Notice that (indicated object). (No acknowledgment) What aren't
you putting into it?"
Confront:
"Tell me something you might not be confronting."
PR ESESSZON XZZ:
Havingness: "Look around here and find something you can agree with."
Confront:
"What is understandable? "
"What is understanding? "
48 1
The Rising PhoenixPR ESESSION XIII:
Havingness: "Look around here and find something you could have."
"Look around here and find something you could withhold."
Confront:
"What have you done?"
"What have you withheld?"
PRESESSION XIV
Havingness: "Notice that (room object). Get the idea of making it connect with
you. "
Confront:
(First ask: "Is there anything around here that is absolutely still?" If
the answer is yes, continue. If no, use another Presession.)
"Look around here and find something you could stop." (to change
of needle pattern or tone arm) then: "Look around here and find
something you could start." (to change of needle pattern or tone
arm) then, when neither command unsettles needle pattern or tone
arm anymore, use 5 or 6 commands of "Look around here and find
something you could change." Then return to "stop."
PRESESSION X V
Havingness: "Look around here and find something you could withhold."
Confront:
"What would you rather not duplicate?"
PRESESSION XVI:
Havingness: "Point out something around here that is like something else."
Confront:
"What is something? "
"What makes sense?"
PR ESESSION XVII:
Havingness: "Where isn't that (indicated object)? "
Confront:
"What unkind thought have you withheld?"
PRESESSION XVIII:
Havingness: "What else is that (indicated object)? "
Confront:
"What would make everything the same?"
PR ESESSION XIX:
Havingness: "What is the emotion of that (indicated object)?"
Confront:
"What intention failed? "
The Rising PhoenixBack to Index
PRESESSZON XX:
Havingness: "What is that (indicated object) not duplicating?"
Confront:
"What two thoughts aren't the same?"
PRESESSZON XXZ:
Havingness: "What scene could that (indicated object) be part of?"
Confront:
"What past beingness would best suit you?"
"What past thing would best suit you?"
PR ESESSION XXZZ:
Havingness: "Duplicate something."
Confront:
"What would be a betrayal?"
PR ESESSION XXZZZ:
Havingness: "What is the condition of that (indicated object)?"
Confront:
"Describe a bad case."
PRESESSZON XXZV
Havingness: "What is the condition of that person?"
Confront:
"What is a bad object?"
PRESESSZON X X V
Havingness: "What aren't you putting into that body?"
Confront:
"What beingness would it be all right to confront?"
PR ESESSZON XXVZ:
Havingness: "What bad activity is that (indicated object) not part of ?"
Confront:
"How would you not duplicate a bad person?"
"How would you not duplicate a bad thing?"
PR ESESSION XXVZI:
Havingness: "Where would that wall have to be located so you wouldn't have to
restrain it? "
Confront:
"Describe an unpleasant environment. "
The Rising PhoenixPR ESESSZON XXVZZZ:
Havingness: a.
b.
Confront:
"What around here would you permit to be duplicated?"
"What is the safest thing in this room?"
"Describe a removal."
PR ESESSZON XXZX:
Havingness: "Who would that (indicated object) be a good example to?"
Confront:
"What would that person be a good example to?"
PRESESSZON XXX:
Havingness: "What would you have to do to that (indicated object) in order to
have it?"
Confront:
"Spot a change in your life."
PRESESSZON XXXZ:
Havingness: (Auditor holds two small objects, one in each hand. Exposes them
alternately to pc, with as little motion of arms and hands as possible.)
Confront:
"Look at this. (No acknowledgment) What around here isn't this
duplicating? "
PR ESESSZON XXXZZ:
? ',
Havingness: "How could you deter a
"What have you not given a
Confront:
?"
"What could you own?"
"What have you denied owning?"
(To clean up Scientology auditing or instruction run on "auditor,"
"pc ," "instructor," "student" as indicated.
"What would aown?"
"What would anot own?")
PRESESSZON XXXZZZ: (This is used as a "post-session" to clean up an intensive
at the end.)
Havingness: Whatever Havingness runs best on pc, as Havingness command.
Confront:
"What have you done in this room?"
"What have you withheld in this room?"
(To clean up all auditing, use "an auditing room.")
The Rising PhoenixPRESESSZON XXXZV
Havingness: Whatever pc runs best, as Havingness command.
Confront:
"Who have you overwhelmed? "
"Who have you not overwhelmed?"
PRESESSZON XXXV
Havingness: "Notice that (indicated room object). "
"How could you get it to help you?"
Confront:
"Whom have you failed to help?"
(This will fish up a case who is out the bottom with ARC breaks.
Corrects alter-isness.)
PR ESESSZON XXXVZ:
Havingness: "Notice that (room object)."
"How could you fail to help it?"
Confront:
"Think of a victim."
Replace Havingness of Presession XXV with:
Havingness: "Notice that body."
"What aren't you putting into it?"
3 Versions of Regimen 6 OIW commands:
99*
1. "Get the idea of doing something to
97
"Get the idea of withholding something from
2.
?,,*
"What have you done to
?7,*
"What have you withheld from
3.
*
"Get the idea of having done something to
"Get the idea of having withheld something from
99
*
99
*
*~ssessed6th dynamic terminal.
(Number 3 runs regret.)